So, guys, now let me quickly share one trick with you guys.
So here Trick is using enemies as bait flags, so sometimes it makes sense to define enemies in the
power of two so that we can use enemies like constant as usual.
And the second benefit that we were going to have is that we can also use enemies like bits.
So, for example, here we have defined the Enum, which represents different type of colors, so you
can see that I have defined the enum red, green, black, blue, but all these enemies have assigned
the values, which are the power of two.
All right.
So the benefit of assigning the enum values, which is a power of two, is that that you can use Elam's
as bits.
You can see that I have taken an unsigned integer variable, which serves as a flag and this flag I'm
setting zero two bit of the flag, the zero eight, which means the red bit.
Similarly, I'm setting another bit, which represents blue color in the same flag variable.
All right.
Here, blue bit is the third least significant bit.
So further in your program, you can test that flag variable, whether a particular bit is set or not
using logical operators.
How do you define the enum as usual without giving them any special values, which is a power of two?
You wouldn't be able to use these enemies as bits.
However, there is one disadvantage of this technique, and the disadvantage is that that if shall be
memory inefficient to use Enum as index of arrays.
All right.
So if you define an eddy, the index of which represents the Enum, which is a power of two.
So here you only need four colors.
But do you end up defining in any of size?
16 because this color max value is 16.
You will have holes in the array if you tried to use these imams, which is a power of two as indexes
of the ADI.
All right, so take care if you don't have to use these items as an index of an ADI.
And if you have to treat Enum as bit so that you can set multiple enemies in the same flag variable,
then it's what to define imams in the power of two.
So this is just one programming technique that I would like to share with you.